DOC: Slightly improve wording and three examples (#2634)
py-pdf/pypdf: docs/user/viewer-preferences.md

```

The names beginning with a slash character are part of the PDF file format. They are

> included here to aid searching the pypdf documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included here to ease to search the pypdf documentation
```

Author: included here to ease searching the pypdf documentation
